Came out from entering the So is Hey rail, Inc.
24 different wfc 's Citroen ds
It is 12 years version
I would like to introduce
It is a French hero family
It is quite old model or early in number
I think that the price is selling for around 3000 yen or less in about three cases
Claire is sorry to regret
Yes would not you say
Well then
Selfish and rail users to this 2 I want you try to open
Depending pretty from here
You can bet in the unusual like this but I'm nest frame from here is
There is something like a good card on a motherboard for a PC
Yes
It is amazing Nee eh
You ne Yes is here is I feel it 's Shiga ale
It is part struck the apparently came because anxiety related
It is this is poi tee
Up to here 2 Usually here
I have here is the now users had it this integrally molded become separate parts
Such feeling-
Yes and may be a good feeling because we are perfectly even mode we have that anymore drum-chan
It is not
8 planning was quite small
Soul is the value ordering
It is the house
Well It is a color of molding color lacquer
This is yes yes seating 10 days
Hybrid bar
I will question
It is after gear
It looks like it's a wing
Yes I would overflow Ne Yes looks like
This is a circle inside video It is a wing
This is the front, usually this
It is good that it is plated parts, but this remains as it is white-
It does not may be quite troublesome Nde little do to be not on your own
It is a wiper
This is a roll cage
It seems to have been reproduced with Golden
Say this
It is the lower part
And after the brake disc or wheel
A little considered in the Toka Tamiya but it is this I know that I am seen Toka here
I do not have
ThatLookLikeThis
It's a cape I just let go
Well the tightly Toka reproduction are is not I suspension and Kawaa this neighborhood ale
What is its minute cheap in
Maybe the neighborhood Well, because I think that does not meet this price made in Japan, it is the only
The
I feel Yes also this wheel
I can not write at all with plating
Nde do to be a little guarded by 7 myself
Well it may be a bit annoying
Because there are few even if you smoke parts
If you don't make too much , I think it's easy to make this one
It is this tire
It has become something like
And Vagavan
It feels like something is slightly distorted
I feel I can not do my best
I guess this is the spare tire Hey Is this is a normal tire
That 's right I 'm wondering what the real thing is now, but I 'm skewed a bit
I will feel
You do not may not be said too much Te county
There
Such things
There is this
ThatLookLikeThis
It is
From one who has become a single child 6 unchanged
I think it's hard to hear
It is a specification to bring back to Karl Amman-
Yes
I will
It is what the author Ma Nyan is I Mizumoto sadness of rail
It feels like this It is really nice addition or omission to the cat
You to say
Nde simple to high cooling You think that it is only a possibility probably assembled if 1 hour 2 hours
Do not have please there Toka Pasupeshon because such a feeling
Yes
Let's do a look 6 system without holding
Something like this
This is not done
It 's almost like this, is it s ?
Four
Bach
Had
Since the figure is not much I I think that'll do the minute Sha Mogo is the previous Eminem
As you become the latest Musashi
Yes yes
Because the price is affordable
Hey would not it be better to want to make with it
Yes, little Ja all means because I think many also store you are dealing after all
Please try to make Thank you for watching